== description

This is a prototype checkout system for a job application at
notonthehighstreet.com programming test, according to the following description:

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

notonthehighstreet.com is an online marketplace, here is a sample of some of the
products available on our site:

Product code  | Name                   | Price
----------------------------------------------------------
001           | Travel Card Holder     | £9.25
002           | Personalised cufflinks | £45.00
003           | Kids T-shirt           | £19.95

Our marketing team want to offer promotions as an incentive for our customers to
purchase these items.

If you spend over £60, then you get 10% off your purchase
If you buy 2 or more travel card holders then the price drops to £8.50.

Our check-out can scan items in any order, and because our promotions will
change, it needs to be flexible regarding our promotional rules.

The interface to our checkout looks like this (shown in Ruby):

  co = Checkout.new(promotional_rules)
  co.scan(item)
  co.scan(item)
  price = co.total

Implement a checkout system that fulfills these requirements.

Test data
---------
Basket: 001,002,003
Total price expected: £66.78

Basket: 001,003,001
Total price expected: £36.95

Basket: 001,002,001,003
Total price expected: £73.76

== Using this Gem

=== Creating Products

In order to instantiate a new product create a new Item object:

Item.new("001", "Travel Card Holder", 9.25)

The item is automatically added to a Class Variable (Hash) that represents the
store product catalog. Items can be removed from this hash by invoking the
"delete" method from the instantiated object.

=== Defining Promotional Rules

Special rules (i.e. discounts) to be applied in the total price calculation can
be created using the PromotionalRule constructor method. This method accepts a
string with the name of the rule and a block of code, as the following example:

# If you spend over £60, then you get 10% of your purchase
PromotionalRule.new( "10% discount on buys over 60£" ) do
    if @total > 60.0
      @discount = @total * 0.10
    end
end

Important notes! Programmers must have into account the following assumptions:

* The block of code will be executed in the context of a Checkout instance, so
it must only use variables and methods that can be accessed by that object;

* The rules are executed in the same order as they are passed to the Checkout
object and each rule affects the results for the next rules, so order of
execution must be taken into consideration;

* The current total price can be accessed through the variable @total but, since
this variable is updated after each rule being executed, any change to @total is
irrelevant.
